	Sand flurries forcefully cut through the air hitting Bash like an abrasive blanket pulled across his face. It would be smothering were it not for his air filtration mask which was a mandatory equipment accessory in the nitrogen-rich atmosphere of Hermes II.
	After a failed rebel espionage mission, the federation trade port planet had become a part-time warzone, shipping more arms than their trademark minerals. Bash and his team were tasked with salvaging the mission by extracting the appropriate computers housed in the mining operation offices whose security had finally been compromised in the unrelenting drone assault two days prior. The computers contained all the necessary intel for the rebels to seize control over key trading operations and were probably riddled with incriminating evidence that would serve as a huge hit to the federation's public favorability, if it still had any.
	Sudden deafening explosions caused Bash to hit the ground to a crawl. The loose surface sand of the dunes softly cascading to give the illusion of a pleasant elasticity, but Bash's impacted knees were quickly disillusioned as they hit like rubber mallets on wood. The explosions came from the direction of his team's unmanned tanks, likely the result of some anti-tank missiles since they already performed a thorough mine sweep of the area.
	Bash ended his crawl at the peak of a small dune, grabbed a surveillance stick from his belt, plunged it as deep as he could in the sand, and dipped back down behind the dune for cover. A visual overlay popped up in his field of view as the surveillance stick self-calibrated with the two cylinders on the tip spinning with a hum that was barely audible over the winds and the new ringing in his ears. The display overlay built into his goggles finally show the panoramic scan with the strategic analysis and statistics.
	"Our ground support is gone!" a panicked voice quickly informed over secure comms. It was Reckless, a fellow hacker and long-time friend.
	"Yeah, I figured. After those explosions."
	"You're the last on the ground. I'll clear a path for you to get safely to the office," said Reckless, now in a much calmer tone.
	The scan analysis map slowly rotated in the corner of Bash's vision as he cycled through the target list. It was a spectacularly detailed digital recreation of his surroundings with a subtly visible wifeframe overlay highlighting logical separations in target positions and color-coded risk assessments. While it was never wise to completely rely on automated analysis software, it was an invaluable supplement in high-stress and fast-paced situation, and often shed light on objects and environmental cues that would normally take someone several minutes to determine even using their NPC. Two bright red regions blocked his path to the offices, their assessed risk obviously related to the three clearly visible tanks that were charging toward his direction with remarkable speed, leaving a sand storm in their wakes. The three tanks were split into two groupings in Bash's map, indicative of the software's estimation of enemy strategy. In other words, one of these tanks was not like the others.
	Clustered streams of smoke rained from the sky onto the tanks, keeping up with their speed, masking the tanks in clouds of grey. Reckless was making his move. All three tanks eventually came to a slowing roll as the barrage ceased. A map notification brought attention to a drastic shift in thermal imaging, urging Bash to zoom in on the group of two tanks on his display as he remained motionless on his back, staying out of sight. The dust settled and revealed two tank hulls coated with glossy silver fist-sized cubes. The hulls started to glow red and then a light-orange as the gamma cubes fried all electrical systems and melted all the mechanical ones.
	Panning his view to the third tank, he discovered the reason it was considered diferent from the others. Thinning smoke slowly uncovered a translucent blue hexigonal dome which flickered into visibility when probed by the surrounding magnetic gamma cubes searching for a surface on which to attach. It was a pulse shield, great. And the tank remained undamaged as it quickly shifted clockwise and darted off. Map projections plotted the target's destination at an adjacent bunker and a text box hovered over the tank's display with various statistics. Estimated time of arrival was less than two minutes and the system believed Bash could intercept in fourty seconds, presumably at a full-speed sprint. Estimated intent was destruction.
	He zoomed in on the bunker for analysis. It was a white oblong domed structure, likely a temorary residence for newly arrived laborers, and currently housed thirty-two persons, five of them being children. Weather-torn black digits were painted on the side, giving it a number that acted as both an identifying address as well as a position reference in the system's grid-oriented cities. While it wasn't the main objective, preventing civilian fatalities was always a secondary one. Bash focused his attention defensively back to the tank and started a full-speed sprint toward the bunker.
	"I don't think you can do anything about the bunker beyond destroying the tank. And without any tanks or gamma cubes left, I suggest you ignore it," Reckless advised in his ear, clearly monitoring him.
	"But I should have time to warn them and get them out of the bunker. Just keep the tank distrcted," Bash replied between heavy breaths. He took a quick gulp from his canteen to replenish his vitality.
	He was only ten seconds from the perimeter when his body was slowly enveloped in a repelling pressure as if he was being cradled in an unseen nete. "Seriously? There are invisible walls here? How stupid," Bash said in exasperation as his body came to a full stop.
	"Yeah. Like I said, I don't think you can do anything about it." Reckless sounded quite annoyed now. "Just complete the main objective and we may be able to enter any bunkers later."
	After coasting along the invisible barrier, hoping there was a gap, Bash felt a sharp pinch on his leg. "Incoming attack," the emergency system voie sounded off, paired with red blinking text in his display's corner. He once again jumped to a crawl behind the nearest dune. Whizzing noises littered the air while the surrounding sand spat up in the air in droplet bursts. The tank was attacking with small artillery weapons, and his leg had been hit. Luckily, systems reported a clean and non-fatal wound, and Bash had his pain sensory configuration set low as to not be distracting.
	Before anything else could be done, another sharp pinch was felt in his neck. With a few choked coughs of blood, Bash collapsed motionless. He was dead.
	Reckless gave a mocking laugh. "Gee, you were a big help."
	"I know, I'm still learning the basics. But I'm done for today. Later," Bash replied. Without waiting for a response, Bash opened the menu overlay and exited the game. His vision faded to a complete black.